2.2.0-final

Hoya,
 there's now a 2.2.0-pre9 on ftp.kernel.org, and when you compile it it
will call itself 2.2.0-final. The reason is fairly obvious: enough is
enough, and I can't make pre-kernels forever, it just dilutes the whole
idea. The only reason the tar-file is not called 2.2.0 is that I want to
avoid having any embarrassing typos that cause it to not compile under
reasonable configurations or something like that. Unreasonable
configurations I no longer care about.

Every program has bugs, and I'm sure there are still bugs in this. Get
over it - we've done our best, and nobody ever believed that there
wouldn't be 2.2.x kernels to fix problems as they come up, and delaying
2.2.0 forever is not an option.

I have a wedding anniversary and a company party coming up, so I'm taking
a few days off - when I get back I expect to take this current 2.2.0-final
and just remove the "-final" from the Makefile, and that will be it. I
suspect somebody _will_ find something embarrassing enough that I would
fix it too, but let's basically avoid planning on that.
In short, before you post a bug-report about 2.2.0-final, I'd like you to
have the following simple guidelines:
 "Is this something Linus would be embarrassed enough about that he would
  wear a brown paper bag over his head for a month?"
and
 "Is this something that normal people would ever really care deeply
  about?"

If the answer to either question is "probably not", then please consider
just politely discussing it as a curiosity on the kernel mailing lists
rather than even sending email about it to me: I've been too busy the last
few weeks, and I'd really appreciate it if I could just forget the worries
of a release for a few days..

But if you find something hilariously stupid I did, feel free to share it
with me, and we'll laugh about it together (and I'll avoid wearing the
brown paper bag on my head during the month of February). Do we have a
deal?

I've seen people working on a 2.2.0 announcement, and I'm happy - I've
been too busy to think straight, much less worry about details like that.
If everything turns out ok, I'll have a few memorable bloopers in my
mailbox but nothing worse than that, and I can sit down and actually read
the announcement texts that people have been discussing.

ObFeatures:
 - m68k sync
 - various minor driver fixes (irda, net drivers, scsi, video, isdn)
 - SGI Visual Workstation support
 - adjtimex update to the latest standards
 - vfat silly buglet fix
 - semaphores work on alpha again
 - drop the inline strstr() that gcc got wrong whatever we did
 - kswapd needed to be a bit more aggressive
 - minor TCP retransmission and delack fixes
Until Monday,
                        Linus
