Linux 2.2.12

Platforms:Alpha (see notes), PowerPC, Sparc, X86

Introduction
Linux 2.2.12 is the latest update to the Linux kernel tree. It fixes the memory
leak bug in the 2.2.11 kernel. In addition it updates various drivers and the
platform specific support. The out of the box tree supports the Alpha, PPC,
Sparc and X86 platforms. MIPS is mostly merged but you should obtain the
platform specific tree. It is hoped MIPS and PowerPC will soon be fully merged.
ARM and M680x0 users should get their platform specific tree.

Known Bugs
On the Alpha platform we know the new maths code currently fails some glibc
maths checks. The Alpha port people are looking into this. Expect patches soon.

Compilers
This code is intended to build with gcc 2.7.2 and egcs 1.1.2. It is known that
not all of it builds validly on the x86 CPU's with gcc 2.95. As far as we know
these are Linux not gcc issues. Fixes for gcc 2.95 to gcc 3.0 may go into Linux
2.2 in time. You should therefore not use gcc 2.95 to build stable kernels for
the moment.

Binary Compatibility
Linux 2.2.12 changes a few internal system structures. You may need to rebuild
a few third party modules such as pcmcia-cs when upgrading from older kernels
to this one.

Security Notes
The TCP fixes in the 2.2.12 kernel for the memory leak and Solaris food fight
are the only security updates. You can obtain them seperately to 2.2.12 from
the 2.2.11 release notes. Linux 2.2.11 with the errata is believed to be as
secure as 2.2.12 unless you are trying to use strictly enforced capability
sets. In which case you may wish to apply the fs/proc/array.c patch from 2.2.12
to get precisely the same security.

Architecture Updates

Alpha
    Further changes have been made to the maths emulation support.
    A bug where the floppy drive may be unusable for alternating periods of
     49.7 days has been fixed.
    The Symbios cache test should now pass and the SCSI work properly.
i386
    Optimisations for the IDT Winchip.
    Identify and report the AMD Athlon.
    Fix a crash on boot with the AMD Athlon.
MIPS
    Fix a timeout scheduling error in the dz driver. 
PowerPC
    All the PPC changes should now be merged. 
Sparc
    A problem with the viking MMU code has been fixed.
    A small Sparc64 kernel_thread change.

Core Updates

File Handles
    The kernel now supports large numbers of file handles per process.
    The default remains unchanged but can be raised by processes. 
Memory Limits
    Certain parts of the kernel didn't correctly interpret RLIM_INFINITY
     and enforced 2Gig limits. 
Mlock
    Munlock was checking for CAP_IPC_LOCK when it should only be required
     to lock memory. 
Quota
    Fixed a pair of accounting errors in the quota code. 

Driver Updates

Computone Intelliport 2
    A driver for this card under Linux has been included. 
DAC960
    The DAC960 driver has been updated. 
ESS Solo
    An experimental driver for this PCI sound card is now included. 
Iomega Buz
    A Zoran ZR36067 driver for video capture including MJPEG capture is
     now included.
     This works with the Iomega buz but does not yet support the LML33. 
ISDN
    The ISDN fax patches have been merged.
    The hisax driver now passes certification with some ELSA cards.
    Fix a buffer headroom issue with compression and ISDN ppp.
MAD16
    The MAD16 driver now defaults to not enabling its on board CD port.
    This avoids problems with users not being aware the default may
     interfere with other drivers. 
Multitech ISI driver
    Support for PCI interrupt sharing is now included. 
PCWD Watchdog
    Revision A boards reported their status incorrectly. 
Soundblaster
    A case where IRQ 0 may be erroneously freed has been fixed. 
VisWs Sound
    The SGI visual workstation onboard audio is now supported. 
VisWs Video
    The SGI visual workstation onboard video driver has been improved. 

File System Updates

Welsh Language
    ISO 8859-14 (The Celtic languages) is now supported for UTF8 translations. 

Miscellaneous Updates

ChangeLog
    The Changelog has been updated to reflect newer tools. 
Documentation
    Various documents have been updated. 

Network Updates

Alteon AceNIC
    Small changes have been made to reduce its interrupt load and increase
     performance further. 
Interphase 5526
    This fibre channel chipset is now supported under Linux 
RTL8139
    A sign handling bug has been fixed that might have caused memory leakage. 
SB1000
    The errata patch for the SB1000 has been folded into the 2.2.12 kernel.
    This driver is now functional. 
SiS900
    This driver has been updated further. 

SCSI Updates

PAS-16
    The module now allows you to set the I/O and IRQ. 
Symbios controller
    The symbios 53C876 revision 32 is now supported. 

Security Updates

/proc/kcore
    The RAWIO capability is now needed to access /proc/kcore. 
Memory leak from TCP
    This is the nasty bug fixed in the 2.2.11 errata. The fix is also in 2.2.12. 
Solaris food fight
    This TCP fringe case has been fixed. 
Tightened capabilities
    We have tightened the capabilities needed for setting frame buffer bases
     to include RAWIO.
