Linux-0.11 (December 8, 1991)

This was created from a re-packaged 0.11 tree.

Linux-0.11 has a few rather major improvements, but perhaps most
notably, is the first kernel where some other people start making
real contributions.

 - I fixed the buffer cache code, making it a lot more stable

 - demand-loading from disk. My comment proudly states:

        Once more I can proudly say that linux stood up to being changed: it
        was less than 2 hours work to get demand-loading completely implemented.

   This is a major milestone, since it makes the kernel much more
   powerful than Minix was at the time.  I also share clean pages.

 - we still don't have an /sbin/init, but we now load /etc/rc at bootup,
   and the kernel will loop, spawning shells forever. That makes it easier
   to test things.

 - scaffolding for math emulation introduced.

 - Ted Ts'o shows up as a coder. Ted implements:
        o "#!" escape handling for executables
        o fixes for some file permission handling
        o "sticky" directory bit
        o first "malloc()/free()" implementation.
          (this one is horrible: the free needs the size for good
           performance, which will result in years of "free_s()" pains)
        o adds BSD-style setreuid/gid() handling
        o allows us to specify root device at image build time
        o cleanups of some of the uglier direct %fs-register accesses

 - Galen Hunt shows up as a coder: he's added code to handle different
   video card detection (whereas my original one just handled VGA, we
   now handle CGA, MGA, EGA and VGA)

 - The console can beep now: John T Kohl (who also does the tty KILL
   char handling)

 - we also now have German (Wolfgang Thiel) and French (Marc Corsini)
   keyboard maps.  World Domination!

Btw, if you wonder what the "Urgel" comments are - I was still fairly
Swedish-speaking, and "Urgel" is what I would these days write as "Ugh".

It's a sign of trouble or ugly code.  The floppy driver in particular is
clearly not something I'm very proud of ;). 
