0.96c second patch

The subject pretty much says it all: I've sent out the "weekly patch"
and I'd be very interested in comments. As with patch1, there are some
very fundamental changes in the kernel, and they might have some
problems. I'd want as many as possible to test out linux-0.96c.pl2, as
that has always been the best way to test out the changes. Everything
works on my machine, but that doesn't guarantee it will work on other
setups...

The MAJOR change in 0.96c.pl2 is the totally rewritten sleep/wakeup
code. That, together with the IRQ code introduced in pl1 and slightly
edited in pl2, means that two very fundamental things in the linux
kernel have changed in the last two weeks. The code is cleaner, easier
to add devices to, and hopefully faster, but it's still a bit risky to
change this kind of very low-level behaviour.

Select() is now implemented using the vfs jump tables, and thanks to the
better sleep/wakup interface, select() performance should be noticeably
better. At least xload seems to give lower load-averages, and I hope
ka9q will work better with the new kernel. Note that things like the
tty code doesn't yet take full advantage of the new features the
rewritten sleep offers, but I wanted to get a good testing-release out
before actually tweaking all the routines to use the new interface.

The IRQ routines have changed slightly, and all known bugs are fixed.

While I'm most interested to hear comments about the IRQ and
select/sleep/wakup code, there are a few other changes in pl2:

 - Swiss keyboard support.

 - Screen blanking now only reacts to key-presses and kernel messages:
normal tty output doesn't make the screen unblank.

 - DOS-fs version 5 is in. It wouldn't hurt to try it out. It's
somewhat alpha still, but it seems to work. mtools should be a thing of
the past once the dosfs is a bit more tested.

 - core-file magic number, and a minor bug in ptrace is fixed

 - a bus-mouse is supported. I'd like to hear if it still works after I
did the select() patches "blind" (I can't test it on my machine).

 - iopl changing is possible (but requires root priviledges): this
allows access to all IO ports, as well as the interrupt flag. Don't use
it unless /absolutely/ necessary: a bug in your program will most likely
crash the machine if you are running with IO priviledges. It's needed
for some X VGA drivers.

As a result of all the changes, the diff is pretty big. Apply and build
it with something like:

        cd /usr/src
        zcat linux-0.96c.patch2.Z | patch -p0
        cd linux
        make dep
        make clean
        make Image

assuming you have the 0.96c.pl1 kernel in /usr/src/linux. I've had some
reports that my patches won't always go in cleanly: I know for a fact
that patch1 patches cleanly (I rebuilt 0.96c.pl1 by downloading it all
from banjo), so the error is in your end.

Possible problems:

 - The VESA code in setup.S has some problems. I haven't even looked
into it yet, so if it won't work for you, please either (a) use the
unpatched setup.S from 0.96c, or (b) try to find the problem and tell
me. (b) is preferable, of course. I'd like to have VESA support, but
if the bug isn't found, I'll have to use the non-VESA version for 0.97.

 - The IRQ code in 0.96c.pl1 could overrun the stack if linux got
un-ending interrupt requests, resulting in a re-boot. With pl2, this
shouldn't happen: linux should print out something like "Recursive
interrupt on IRQx. Shutting down" and simply disable the problematic
IRQ line. If you see this message, I'd be very interested to hear about
it (which IRQ, what devices you have, etc).

 - And any new or old bugs I haven't found yet.

I have one report that 0.96c.pl1 has problems with the inode table, and
panics on bootup with a "no more inodes in mem" report. Can anybody
confirm this sighting? I haven't found the reason for it, and haven't
seen it myself. I'm hoping it's an installation problem, but if anybody
else sees the same behaviour, I'm SOL.

            Linus
