[PATCH] Linux-0.98.6 (December 2, 1992)

Kai Makisara does the SCSI tape driver.  He's one of the few original
maintainers still around as such.. 

isofs introduced by Eric Youngdale, based on the minixfs code.  Eric was
a physicist, and you can tell he was new to C - he has been
Pascal-damaged, and has extra semi-colons at the end of block
statements.  But soon he ended up being one of the core maintainers
anyway, and took over SCSI maintenance.

More aggressive filesystem read-ahead introduced.

[Original announcement below]

Anyway, 0.98pl6 is hopefully the last release before 0.99: there are a
few known problems left in this release.  Most notable is the serial
code: it works for most people, but others still have problems with it.
I hope this will get fixed within a week (tytso is working on it).  It
also seems as if the PS/2 mouse code has some problems.

pl6 contains these fixes:

 - all the tcp/ip patches I've received (and I fixed one bug that
   gcc-2.3 seems to have found).
 - math-emu patch for the problem that resulted in FPU errors with some
   operations.
 - I fixed gcc-2.3 warnings as well as most of the old warnings.  You
   shouldn't get more than one or two warnings when recompiling the
   whole kernel.
 - /proc filesystem extensions.  Based on ideas (and some code) by
   Darren Senn, but mostly written by yours truly.  More about that
   later.
 - some tty_io fixes (there was a bug in the /dev/console handling when
   you changed VC's while using the general console device).
 - re-organization of the keyboard-driver internal data-structures.  The
   changes are mostly preliminary: they change the keyboard flags to be
   more easily adaptive to a reprogrammable keyboard driver.  No actual
   new features yet.
 - new SCSI drivers: reportedly much faster than the old ones (but not
   all drivers take advantage of it yet..)
 - various other fixes: pty's etc have minor changes.

I hope to make 0.99 in a week or so, and 1.0 after that has been tested
some.  I hope people will test out pl6 - 0.99 won't be much different,
and if you don't test pl6, any bugs relating to your particular hardware
may not be found in time for 0.99...

                Linus
