[PATCH] Linux-0.99.10 (June 7, 1993)

People finally gave up on net-1, Ross Biro grew tired of the flames, and
net-2 appears with Fred van Kempen as maintainer.  This is the big
switch-over version. 

fsync() isn't just a stub any more, and System V IPC is also showing up. 

The "struct file" filetable is made dynamic, instaed of a static
allocation.  For the first time you can have _lots_ of files open.

Stub for iBCS2 emulation code. 

[original announcement below]

I've finally released an official version of linux-0.99 patchlevel 10:
there have been various alpha versions floating around which differ in
details (notably networking code), which shouldn't be used any more.
The new linux version is available only as full source code: the diffs
would have been too big to be useful.  You can find linux-0.99.10.tar.z
(along with keytables.tar.z) on nic.funet.fi: pub/OS/Linux/PEOPLE/Linus
and probably on tsx-11 and other linux archives within a day or two (so
check there first if you are in the states).

Linux-0.99 pl10 has a number of new features and changes in interface.
The most notable of these are:

 - the networking code is reorganized (generally called "net-2",
   although unrelated to the BSD release).  The new code implements a
   lot of standard features lacking in net-1, and also changes the user
   interface to be closer to the BSD standards.  Notably, the old
   configuration binaries won't work, so to get the new networking to
   work you'll have to get the net-2 binaries as well.  The networking
   binaries are available on tsx-11.mit.edu (and mirrors) under the
   directory pub/linux/packages/net/net-2 (and the setup syntax has
   changed somewhat..)

   The networking code has been mainly organized and rewritten by Fred
   van Kempen, with drivers by Donald Becker.

 - serial line setup has been changed: linux 0.99 pl10 does *not* try to
   autodetect serial ports very agressively.  If you have other serial
   ports than the standard com1/com2, or nonstandard IRQ etc values,
   this means that it's less likely to work without any help.  The
   solution is not to recompile the kernel - you should get the
   "setserial" program available from tsx-11.mit.edu in the directory
   pub/linux/sources/sbin/setserial-2.01.tar.z that allows you to
   dynamically configure your serial ports to suit your setup.
    
   The main organizer behind the serial line changes is tytso (Theodore
   Ts'o).

 - Keyboard setup has changed: it is no longer hardcoded at compile
   time, but instead you can use the new "loadkeys" program to load in a
   new keyboard map on the fly.  The default keyboard map is the normal
   US keyboard (yes, I should have used the Finnish one by default, but
   after thinking of all the problems that would have resulted in I
   forgot about that idea).  The loadkeys code can be found in the
   "keytables.tar.z" archive, which also contains keymaps for most
   normal keyboard types.  To create a custom keyboard table is very
   easy - just take a 5 minute look at the existing map files (they
   resemble the ones used by xmodmap, so if you are familiar with
   those..)
    
   The loadable keymaps were mostly implemented by Risto Kankkunen.
    
There are a lot of other internal kernel changes, but they should be
mostly transparent, and noticeable only indirectly due to new features
or (hopefully) better/faster/whatever operation.  These include:
    
 - the SysV IPC patches are in by default: Krishna Balasubramanian.
   If you need these, you know what it's about (notably, dosemu 0.49
   wants them).
 - inode handling is updated: inodes and files are now dynamically
   allocated within the kernel, and use a hash table for faster lookup
   (along with a NFU algorithm for the inode cache).  Steven Tweedie.
 - Updated FPU emulation: mostly exception handling changes, making the
   emulator handle most exceptions the same way a 486 does.  The
   emulator is written by Bill Metzenthen.
 - a few ext2-fs updates by Remy Card and Steven Tweedie.
 - support for the 'fsync()' function (Steven Tweedie)
 - various (minor) SCSI patches to catch some error conditions, add
   support for VLB adaptec controllers without DMA and so on (different
   people).
 - other changes - I forget.

In addition to patches sent in by others, I've naturally made my own
changes (often *to* the patches sent in by others :-).  Among other
things, the pl10 buffer cache code now also tries to share pages with
executables, resulting in better cacheing especially of binaries (giving
noticeable improvements in kernel recompilation speed on some machines).
Also, I've changed a lot of low-level things around to help the iBCS2
project: this includes things like internal segment handling and the
signal stack (which now looks the same as on SysV i386 unixes).  All in
all, pl10 has a disturbing amount of new code, but will hopefully work
well despite (due to?) the number of changes.
    
The new networking code in particular will change the network setup a
lot - it now looks more standard, but if you were used to the old way of
doing things..  On the other hand, most people actively using the
networking features have hopefully gotten warnings about this on the NET
channel for the last few weeks.  Also, the networking code still isn't
perfect: Fred is still working on it, but it seems to have reached a
reasonably stable platform on which it will be easier to build.  Look
out for the new-and-improved networking manual, hopefully out soon(?).
    
Standard request: please try it all out, give it a real shakedown, and
send comments/bug-reports to the appropriate place (I'm always
appropriate, but you may want to send the report to the mailing lists
and/or the newsgroup as well).  I apologize for the lateness of the
release (forcing hlu to make interim gcc releases that relied on
nonstandard kernels etc), and the changes are somewhat bigger than I'd
prefer, so the more testerts that try it out, the faster we can try to
fix any possible problems.  The new kernel has gone through various
stages of ALPHA-diffs and some late ALPHA-pl10's, so there shouldn't be
any major surprises, but alpha releases tend not to get even close to
the coverage a real release gets...
    
                    Linus
