[PATCH] Linux-0.99.11 (July 17, 1993)

Real file mmap with page sharing in the VM code.  We don't do writable
shared mappings (and we won't do them for a _long_ time yet), but this
is a big step forward!

Note in the COPYING file that the GPL only covers the kernel, not user
programs. People were starting to find Linux more and more interesting..

Improved configure script.

Use nicer "save_flags()/cli()/restore_flags()" macros instead of
hardcoding the inline assembly.  Clean up other inline assembly usage
too. 

Trying to compile the kernel with C++ compiler.  It will be a failed
experiment. 

Original ChangeLog:

 - The keyboard is dynamically changeable (this is true of pl10 as
   well), and you need to get the "keytables.tar.z" archive to set the
   keyboard to suit your taske unless you want to live with the default
   US keymaps.
    
   Use the "loadkeys map/xxx.map" command to load the keyboard map: you
   can edit the maps to suit yourself if you can't find a suitable one.
   The syntax of the keyboard maps should be obvious after looking at
   the examples.

 - The memory manager has been cleaned up substantially, and mmap()
   works for MAP_PRIVATE.  MAP_SHARED is still not supported for
   anything else than /dev/mem, but even so it actually is usable for a
   lot of applications.  The shared library routines have been rewritten
   to use mmap() instead of the old hardcoded behaviour.

 - The kernel is now compiled with C++ instead of plain C.  Very few
   actual C++ features are used, but even so C++ allows for more
   type-checking and type-safe linkage.

 - The filesystem routines have been cleaned up for multiple block
   sizes.  None of the filesystems use it yet, but people are working on
   it.

 - named pipes and normal pipes should hopefully have the right select()
   semantics in the presense/absense of writers.

 - QIC-02 tape driver by Hennus Bergman

 - selection patches in the default kernel

 - fixed a bug in the pty code which led to busy waiting in some
   circumstances instead of sleeping.

 - Compressed SLIP support (Charles Hedrick). See net/inet/CONFIG

 - the 'clear_bit()' function was changed to return the previous setting
   of the bit instead of the old "error-code".  This makes use of the
   bit operations more logical.

 - udelay() function for short delays (busy-waiting) added.  Used
   currently only by the QIC driver.

 - fork() and sheduler changes to make task switches happen only from
   kernel mode to kernel mode.  Cleaner and more portable than the old
   code which counted on being able to task-switch directly into user
   mode.

 - debugging malloc code.
