Linux-2.1.109.. preliminary code freeze.

Ok, it's out there now in all its glory...
2.1.109 does the following thing:

 - CPU detection in C code (and thus much easier to expand upon,
   especially as it's all thrown away after booting now that it is
   "initfunc()").  This should finally get the Cyrix case right, for
   example. Please test.
 - too meny people convinced me that sendfile() really wants to act like
   writep().
 - sound driver updates from Alan.
 - console updates, so now we have the full old functionality again as far
   as I'm concerned (but I'm sure people will tell me something is still
   missing)
 - task switch and user space return cleanly handles bad segment
   descriptors etc, so people shoul dno longer be able to cause kernel
   messages by misusing the LDT (and I was just informed that you could
   actually completely hang a 2.1.x SMP kernel by doing nasty things -
   this fixes it)
 - wine should work again thanks to Bill Hawes (other LDT fixes)
 - de4x5 driver update
 - token ring driver update
 - ppp driver update
 - coda-fs update
 - "shared writable" bug fixed (thanks to a lot of people for testing and
   working on this - the actual fix was trivial once the problem was
   understood)

In addition, I've spent a large part of my day running with a 12MB
machine, and low-memory behaviour seems to be reasonable. People who have
been unhappy with low-memory behaviour should check out 109 and comment on
it - the heuristics are fairly different, and seem to be better.

As of this release, I won't be looking at the "incoming" directory at the
linux-patches site any more. I'll only be looking at "urgent" things, on
the theory that I'm (a) lazy and (b) getting into code freeze.

If you have important patches in "incoming", feel free to move them to
"urgent". However, I will warn that if I don't consider them to be 2.2
material, I'll just move them to "discarded".

The same goes for patches in email. I will accept patches, but I've just
raised the bar for acception.

                Linus
