Linux 2.0.36

I won't claim any false credit for this: all the 2.0.x work was done by
Alan Cox as the maintainer, and the 2.0.36 that is out there is exactly
the same as Alan's "pre-22" version that he asked people to check out. He
just asked me to "sprinkle some holy penguin-pee on it" to bless it and
make it official. This I have done (*).
2.0.36 is a lot of updates, mostly to various drivers. ISDN, various SCSI
drivers and network cards have been updated quite heavily. ISDN to the
degree that you need to make sure you have the most recent tools in order
to play well with it.
Have fun,
                Linus

(*) This, btw, is not something I would suggest you do in your living
room. Getting a penguin to pee on demand is _messy_. We're talking yellow
spots on the walls, on the ceiling, yea verily even behind the fridge.
However. I would also advice against doing this outside - it may be a lot
easier to clean up, but you're likely to get reported and arrested for
public lewdness. Never mind that you had a perfectly good explanation for
it all.




Bug Fixes:

Large Memory
 Linux 2.0.36 uses the newer bios calls to automatically size memory
 above 64Mbytes, where supported by the BIOS. A maximum of just under
 1Gig is available for Linux 2.0.36. 
Readv/Writev
 Processes issuing a readv or writev to a device that did not have the
 relevant read/write operation could cause an Oops and potentially a crash.
UDMA Drives
 Report Bad CRC (cable errors) as a cable error.
 Handling of such errors was correct. 
TCP spoofing
 A very obscure TCP spoofing attack is now blocked.
 As far as we know only the lab who discovered it are aware of the problem,
 and no active use of such attack has ever been seen on the internet. 
SMP
 A pair of SMP bugs have been fixed.
 The first resolves the instabilities with 3+ CPU machines,
 the second resolves an IRQ forwarding problem that caused
 "Re-entering IRQ" hangs.
 SMP should be significantly more stable on 2.0.36 than previous 2.0.x releases.
pipe syscall error
 The pipe call could return ENFILE not -1 and errno= -ENFILE. Fixed. 
AIC7xxx
 The 2.0.36 kernel contains the 5.0.20 release of the AIC7xxx driver.
 This should cure most of the remaining problems with the older chipsets.
 Users with the latest AIC7xxx devices will have to wait for the next driver
 version to become available or try the beta test driver. 
Procfs permissions fix
 A process with root file rights can now read all /proc files. 
Daylight Savings in SMB
 The SMB file system honours daylight savings time. 
EATA SCSI/Ultrastor 14f/34f
 Reverse scan order support and configurable extended geometry.
 Increased the busy timeout. 
IN2000 SCSI
 This driver now works in SMP mode. 
Build fixes
 Use relative paths for sound, remove trampoline.hex on a make clean,
 support the newer versioned symbols as part of a multi object file module. 
Oops handling
 A small fencepost error in Oops handling on syscall return has been cured. 
TLan 1.0
 The Thunderlan driver has been updated to the 1.0 release. 
Delay loops
 The delay loop code has been modified to eliminate most of the remaining
 cache/branch prediction and other variants to its performance. 
5.25" floppy
 An incorrect floppy table entry has been altered, and a potential crash
 on unload fixed. 
Iomega ZIP driver
 Handle 23.D firmware funnies. 
Cyclades Serial
 Upgraded driver from vendor, with assorted bugs fixed. 
Printer Driver
 The correction in the printer handling upset the Epson Stylus 800.
 The driver know has a LPSTRICT option that can be set for printers that need
 absolute strict NBUSY handling. 
Beeper gets stuck
 The case where the beeper decides to beep forever has been cured.
3c509 ethernet
 Upgraded to v1.16. Fixes ID port clash with sound cards, waiting for discard
 messages and recovers faster from transmit errors. 
3c59x driver
 Updated 3c59x ethernet driver.
 This should cure the skb_push panics some people saw with 3c59x/3c90x drivers
 under load. 
Lance driver
 Module unload bugs in the lance driver have been fixed. 
Plip driver
 Messages without severity levels now have appropriate levels. 
AHA1542
 Allow the use of DMA 0 on newer motherboards. 
SHM swap off
 A case where the machine might crash when turning swapping off has been fixed. 
MMAP security
 Linux did not allow a writable mmap of an append only file. It did however
 allow a readonly mmap of such a file then an mprotect. Fixed. 
NAKAMICH MJ-5.16S
 This SCSI device has been added to the blacklist. 
Single lun blacklisting
 A bug in the single lun blacklisting has been fixed. 
SCSI CAM division by zero
 A corrupt geometry could cause the kernel to divide by zero and crash. 
Sound blaster
 Don't report a DMA channel 0 for the MPU 
Sequencer
 If there are no synths or midi devices do not lock the sequencer busy forever. 
Autofs
 Fix a small glitch in the directory hash. 
ISOfs
 Fix a fencepost error in the iso fs size checks. 
Vfat fs
 Disallow periods at the end of names. 
NFS file system
 Support FIFO's over NFS. Handle kill of nfsiod for module unload. 
NFS root
 IFF_MULTICAST could be incorrectly not set. 
Non modular soundmodem/baycom
 These devices only worked as modules. They now work compiled in. 
Memory leak in networking
 A very obscure leak in the networking code has been fixed. 
TCP select
 TCP select for urgent data now has correct semantics.
 Previously it could do the wrong thing. 
TCP SIGIO
 SIGIO on an incoming connection is now correctly issued on the completion
 of the three way handshake. 
Crash on powerdown
 When APM was enabled but not present, and APM power off was enabled the
 kernel could crash at the end of the shutdown sequence. 
Alpha NTP
 The Alpha uses a 1024Hz clock and this threw off some values used for NTP calibration. 

Enhancements:

ISDN
 The Isdn4linux layer is signifcantly upgraded.
 The new driver set adds support for the Teles 16.3c, Teles PCI, Teles S0Box,
 Creatix S0Box, Compaq ISDN S0 ISA, ELSA Quickstep 1000PCI, Elsa Quickstep 3000,
 Elsa Quickstep 3000PCI, Eicon.Diehl Diva 2.0 ISA/PCI (not Pro),
 Eicon.Diehl Diva Piccola, AsusCom ISDNLink 128K, Dynalink IS64PH,
 HFC-2BS0 based cards, Sedlbauer Speed Card(Speed win, teledat 100),
 Sedlbauer Speed Star PCMCIA, USR Sportster Internal TA, ITH MIC 16 ISA,
 Traverse NETjet PCI, Niccy PnP/PCI 
ICP Vortex
 The ICP vortex driver supports the latest ICP raid cards up to and
 including fibre channel. 
AMI MegaRAID
 Driver support for the AMI MegaRAID SCSI controller. 
Shaper
 The shaper device provides a simple traffic limiting driver for Linux 2.0.x.
 For full traffic shaping watch for Linux 2.2 coming soon.. 
Tulip
 The tulip driver has been upgraded to 0.89H which should also support the
 clone PNIC and MXIC tulip devices. 
Extended CPUID/Chip identification
 The Cyrix/AMD extended CPUID mode is supported.
 Cyrix processors are identified even when CPUID is not available.
 The Intel Celeron Mendocino is recognized.
 K6's with the random oops bug are normally now detected.
 The K6 cpu deadlock problem isn't detected as we know no way to check for
  it except to try it. 
Multi-Tech driver
 Driver for multi-tech 4/8 port modem and serial cards.(Experimental). 
EtherExpress
 The Compaq LTE should now be recognized (experimental) 
Intel 440GX
 The 440GX chipset is known to the PCI data tables. 
Nvidia
 NVidia/SGS Thomson is known to the PCI data tables. 
SCSI medium changers
 These are no long reported as unknown device types. 
ROSE networking
 The ROSE network layer has been updated. 

Other:
Bigger system call table
 To support add ons that use syscalls in the new range. 
Hooks for dumping
 Kernel hooks for optional threaded core dump module.
