linux-0.96c.patch1 contains more changes than I originally envisioned: I
changed the IRQ routines and the serial code to be easier and cleaner
(and hopefully more efficient) and I thought that would be it. I was
wrong.

I got several patches (and one bug-report) again, and while I haven't
had time to check them all, some of them are in. Fixes:

 - Remy Cards correction to the out-of-space problem with the extended
fs is here. Most people using the ext-fs might already have applied
this patch, in which case you might have problems patching.

 - my ftruncate() fix is here. Again, if you already did the trivial
patch by hand, you'll get errors when patching.

 - almesber's implementation of read-only filesystems is here (after
editing by yours truly). The mount() system call now accepts a flags
integer as well as a pointer to some arbitraty data in user space for
some special mount() calls. The general flags allow (a) read-only
mounting, (b) disabling of suid executables (c) disabling of device
special files and (d) total disabling of executables on a per-filesystem
basis. The filesystem specific mount() info isn't currently used by any
fs, but can be used to specify additional information that depends on a
special fs type (a password or similar would be possible..)

 - the rename() system call had a bug in that it allowed moving over a
directory: I think the code to handle this was lost in the vfs editing,
and although the GNU mv utility checked it, a malicious (or just
unsuspecting) program can destroy the fs using this. Thanks for the
bug-report: it was very easy to add once I saw the problem.

 - support for vesa-standard svga cards in setup.S. I'm unable to test
this, but my svga card still works after the patch, so I left it in in
the hope that it doesn't break for anybody else.

 - various minor editing by me, or minor patches sent in by others.

The full cdiff is almost 50kB compressed, so this is a bigger-than-usual
patch. Hope there are no problems. People who are using the new SCSI
drivers might have problems with my changes to the SCSI irq-setup
changes, so be careful (actually using the original sources might be a
good idea, and then upgrading again). I hope to get the new SCSI
drivers into the kernel soon (definitely in time for 0.98).

I'd be interested to hear comments on serial line performance, bugs,
features, etc. As usual, I'm hoping this release won't contain any new
bugs while fixing all the old ones, but I guess that's likely to happen
right after the first winter olympics in Hell.

            Linus
